Release v3.5.2 (#65)
DeterminateSystems/nix-src: doc/manual/source/release-notes-determinate/rl-3.5.2.md

# Release 3.5.2 (2025-05-12)

* Based on [upstream Nix 2.28.3](../release-notes/rl-2.28.md).

## What's Changed

> * Fix emitting narHash in lock files when lazy trees are disabled by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#63](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/63)
> * Improve 'cannot read file from tarball' error by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#64](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/64)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a regression where narHash was not added to lock files when lazy trees were disabled by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#63](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/63)

* Tell users a source is corrupted ("cannot read file from tarball: Truncated tar archive detected while reading data"), improving over the previous 'cannot read file from tarball' error by @edolstra in [DeterminateSystems/nix-src#64](https://github.com/DeterminateSystems/nix-src/pull/64)
```
